and in English first the Spanish music
again
so Nicolas tell me of what you expect
here from Ronnie's friends weekend I
think I finish the race my first time in
for me they're much more more fun and
now you can tell me in Spanish what you
expect to achieve this weekend
my simple natarajasana control Emma
Falco Bowie and goes to movies over some
of the most diverse also there is a
visualizer
now
govern everyone yeah Nicholas obviously
the last stage of the day what's been
going on in arrow puncture yeah little
punches and very very fast right and I
reduced their car and but how do you say
yeah
two times I think go out to the road and
nothing finisher stage nothing well and
in Spanish as well for me please
necklace ended day two in Raleigh Spain
with an interesting last stage there
what happened no prime mover Nieto a muy
rapido cm pasaba Carla Leon dot Reseda
internally Chamu a fondo e famous and
Rome podemos Malta history Nosa for La
Vista Mandela no manana